
Both reviewers find the paper acceptable for publication in the JSS, but
have suggestions for revisions.  

In particular, Reviewer A points to some additional references that appear
to be relevant to the paper, while reviewer B points to some unclear (and
possibly incorrect) equations and passages in the paper.

With respect to the reviewers' comments, Reviewer A states near the end of
the review that, "I think the authors should make readers aware of
bootstrap-type alternatives to the analytical cluster-robust covariance
estimators (the 'wild bootstrap' etc.)." In fact, in the simulations
reported in the paper, there is a comparison to the bootstrap (though
limited to the simple cluster-resampling bootstrap).

As well, I didn't find the material raised in Reviewer B's points 1, 6, 11,
and 14 to be unclear, although it wouldn't hurt to provide a bit more
explanation in these places.  That is, it's hard to quarrel with an
intelligent reader who finds a passage in a paper in need to further
explanation.

My own reading of the paper is largely consistent with the reviewers', and
I'd add that the paper and the improvements and extensions to the sandwich
package that it describes are an important contribution, both elegant in its
implementation and of substantial practical use.

I found the simulations reported in section 6 slightly inappropriate to the
main purpose of the paper, which is to describe the implementation in the
sandwich package of coefficient-covariance estimators for clustered data. 
The simulations are a contribution to the more general statistical
literature on sandwich estimators and are probably more naturally published
independently.  That said, I don't strongly object to the inclusion of this
section in the paper.

I also found a few typos in the manuscript: At several points in the paper,
e.g., on p.  7, "subtract" and "subtracted" are spelled "substract" and
"substracted." On p.  9, "and and" appears (the second "and" in italics). 
On p.  14, "sandwich covariance are able" should read "sandwich covariances
are able."
